Create `pvlib.iotools.read_panond` for reading .pan and .ond files (#1749)
pvlib/pvlib-python: docs/sphinx/source/user_guide/faq.rst

Can I use PVsyst (PAN/OND) files with pvlib?
--------------------------------------------

> Although pvlib does include a function to read PAN and OND files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although pvlib includes a function to read PAN and OND files
```
